README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Set up basic structure and functionality
Description:
This commit represents the initial setup of my portfolio website.
All necessary files have been added to power up the website. At this
stage, only the homepage is functional, providing a brief introduction
and showcasing some of my projects. The about section and additional
project details are still under development. This marks the first step
in the journey of creating a comprehensive portfolio.

README.md, after:

# Bilal Ftaieh's Portfolio Website

## Description
This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. The website is a reflection of my skills and projects in the field of software development.

Currently, the homepage, which includes the information section and the projects section, is fully functional. The remaining sections are under active development.

You can view the [live website.](portfolio-bilalftaieh.vercel.app).

## Sections
- **Homepage**: The homepage consists of an information section and a projects section. The information section provides a brief introduction about me and my skills. The projects section showcases some of my personal projects.
- **Other Sections**: These sections are currently under development. Please check back later for updates.

## Future Updates
- Completion of the remaining sections.
- Continuous refinement and updates to the portfolio projects.

Thank you for visiting my portfolio website. Feel free to explore and reach out to me for any queries or collaborations.
